What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository, a .git file is added to that repository. Which
	lets us to do everything you can do with git for version control, as making commits,
	getting back to previous versions etc.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	
	(*Notes:  If you accidentally add a file to the staging area, you can remove it using git reset. For example, if you accidentally add lesson_2_reflections.txt, but don’t want it to be committed yet, run git reset lesson_2_reflections.txt and the file will be removed from the staging area, but it will still be in your working directory.)
	
	The staging area is a intermediate system in git to add all the files that are to be commited
	next. It helps us specify exactly which files we want to commit in the next commit command.
	It is like a cache for commits. it stores to-be-commited files until they are commited.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	I can add a file in staging area everytime I make a logical change, so that
	when I commit, only one file logical change gets commited. As for each commit,
	git commits only those changes which are in the staging area. So, by using staging
	area we can control, which change is to be commited when.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	A branch will be helpful when we want to add a new feature which is experimental 
	and we don't know if it will work out and don't want to add that in the working copy
	of the software right now, or we want to keep a working copy available for people to use
	when we are experimenting with new featues in the other branch. In these situations a branch
	can be very helpful.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams helped me visualize the branch structure by showing what the branch tree looks like,
	how a branch diverges and merges into the master, which commit is the parent of which commit,
	which commits are unreachable from the current commit etc. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging, as the name suggests two branches and makes them a single branch with all the commit
	history of both the branches present. The git merge command take two branches that are to be merged,
	finds a common parent commit to compare those two branches to, and then accordingly adds and deletes
	the lines to merge those two branches and make a new commit and calls it master. Which is why
	merging is often called " Merging X branch into master branch". By merging, we now have both the
	branche's changes saved into the working master branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Pros of Automatic merging : 1. No headaches for the user. the git takes cares of the merging
								2.Quick. Has user is not involved.
	
	Cons of Automatic merging:  1. If any conflict arises git will not be able to automatically 
								   merge two branches.
								   
    cons of Manual merging : 1. Time consuming. headache for the developer.
	pros : If conflict arises the developer will be quick to fix it.